# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

# In the console.rb file.

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

# Within the functions in the property.rb file.

Q3. In console.rb, which lines modify the database?

# Any lines where we call a function on a property.

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

# As we don't know what id to assign it. This is done by the db itself.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

# We do this within the save function in the property.rb file.

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?

# Because we arent defining it ourselves.

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

# Some methods are only called done one instance of the class. Whereas, other methods need access to the whole class in order to work.

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

# array of hashes

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

# By testing them and preparing them, we know they will work when copied into the ruby file. It is easier to check SQL in Postico where we can check the code compared to Ruby where we cant.

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

# So the method knows which property to search for. This is needed as the method is being called on the class.

Q11. What are their return values?

# Array of hash. 
